gh-142734: fix UAF in `OrderedDict.copy` with concurrent mutations by `__getitem__` (#143059)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-12-22-15-02-16.gh-issue-142734.IxVAQh.rst

> fix ordereddict copy heap-use-after-free security issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`collections`: fix use-after-free crashes in :meth:`OrderedDict.copy
<dict.copy>` when the dictionary to copy is concurrently mutated.
```
